EN translation regarding #578 (new section on how to update locally) (#601)
contao/docs: docs/manual/installation/update-contao.en.md

use.

Your Contao installation is now up to date.

### Local update without the Composer Resolver Cloud

> The procedures described above in [Updating from the command line](#update-via-the-command-line) 
> and [Update with Contao Manager](#update-via-the-contao-manager), you can
> can also be carried out locally. This has the advantage that, unlike the environment at a hoster, you have no problems with 
> unfulfilled system requirements, such as insufficient memory, because you can adjust the configuration yourself as required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The procedures described above in [Updating from the command line](#update-via-the-command-line) 
and [Update with Contao Manager](#update-via-the-contao-manager) can also be carried out locally. This has the advantage that, unlike within the environment of a hoster, you have no problems with 
unfulfilled system requirements, such as insufficient memory, because you can adjust the configuration as necessary yourself.
```

{{% notice tip %}}
The procedure is not limited to updating. You can also use it for a new Contao installation.
{{% /notice %}}

#### Requirements when using the command line

What do you need on your computer?

> - Any directory you work in (your working directory)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A working directory
```

- PHP, ideally in the same version as used on your hosting
- Composer (we assume here that you install Composer in your working directory)
- Copies of the `composer.json` and `composer.lock` of the Contao installation at your hoster

What do you _not_ need?

- MySQL
- A local Contao installation

#### Performing the update

> Copy the `composer.json` and `composer.lock` from your hosting to your working directory.
> You then do essentially the same as described above in [Updating from the command line](#update-via-the-command-line):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy the `composer.json` and `composer.lock` from your hosting environment to your working directory.
Essentially you will then do the same as described above in [Updating from the command line](#update-via-the-command-line):
```

> Open a terminal and change to the working directory. Lead there

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open a terminal and change to the working directory. Execute the following command:
```

```bash
php composer.phar update
```

> out. After the update has been successfully completed, copy the updated `composer.lock`.
> (and the `composer.json` if you made changes there) back to the Contao installation on your hosting. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the update has been successfully completed, copy the updated `composer.lock`.
(and the `composer.json` if you made changes there) back to the Contao installation on your hosting. 
```

After that you either log in via `ssh` on your server (hosting)

```bash
ssh benutzername@example.com
```

> and lets Composer install the updated packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and let Composer install the updated packages
```

```bash
php composer.phar install
```

> or you use the Contao Manager. There, under "System maintenance", select the item »Composer dependencies«, »Installer 
> execute«.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or you use the Contao Manager. There, under "Maintenance", select the item »Run Installer« under »Composer Dependencies«.
```

> ![Paketinstallation mit dem Contao-Manager](/de/installation/images/de/composer-install-mit-dem-contao-manager.png?classes=shadow)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Installing dependencies using the Contao Manager](/de/installation/images/de/composer-install-mit-dem-contao-manager.png?classes=shadow)
```

Can you provide an English version of the screenshot?

> Finally you have to update the database tables. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally you have to update the database. 
```

#### Update database tables

> Open the [Contao-Installtool](/en/installation/contao-installtool/) and check if any changes have been made to your 
> database are necessary. If necessary, make the suggested changes and then close the install tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the [Contao-Installtool](/en/installation/contao-installtool/) and check if any changes to your 
database are necessary. Execute suggested changes if applicable and then close the install tool.
```

> Instead of the Contao install tool, you can (from Contao 4.9 on) use the Command line the command 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Contao **4.9** you can also use the following command instead:
```

```bash
$ vendor/bin/contao-console contao:migrate
``` 

Your Contao installation is now up to date.

#### Different PHP versions

> If the PHP version used locally is different from the one you have hosted, you need to change the `composer.json` file 
> to a different one. Specify which PHP version should be used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the PHP version used locally is different from the one on your hosting environment, you can define platform specific properties in your `composer.json` file. Specify the PHP version as follows for example:
```

```json 
    ...
    "config": {
        "platform": {
            "php": "7.4.99"
        }
    },
    "require": {
        ...
    }
    ...
```

#### Local updates with the Contao Manager

> You need a local Contao installation. In this installation, you install the Contao Manager and run the update like
> described in the section [Updating with the Contao Manager](#update-via-the-contao-manager). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need a local Contao installation. In this installation, you install the Contao Manager and run the update as
described in the section [Updating with the Contao Manager](#update-via-the-contao-manager). 
```

> Make sure that the Composer Resolver Cloud is not used. You do not need it, because you are on 
> can provide your own server with enough memory and thus relieve the cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that the Composer Resolver Cloud is not used. You do not need it, because you are on 
your own server with enough memory and can thus relieve the cloud from additional workload.
```

You can find the setting in the »System check« in the »Server configuration« section.

> ![Deactivation of the Composer Resolver Cloud](/de/installation/images/de/cloud_resolver_abschalten.png?classes=shadow)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Deactivation of the Composer Resolver Cloud](/de/installation/images/de/cloud_resolver_abschalten.png?classes=shadow)
```

Can you provide an English version of the screenshot?
